RE:SCHEDULE


April 19th 

It has been over a week since you stopped talking to me, and while the universe might advise to just drop you and move on, I really think there's something valuable between us. 

The week has been useful to explore my thoughts and other hobbies, but I still miss you. I still believe in some things you said. You need to grow up, but I think you are awesome. I learned a lot about myself by being with you.

This journal is still for me, to bring me some relief about your absence, but might be the roadmap to new beginnings, not meaning other people, just simply, new beginnings. I miss you but I'm ok. I bought myself some flowers today, the feng shui was a good decision. 


April 12th

I read your message. If you don't complete the message, my mind fills the blanks.
Was I politely rejected or were you actually serious about your intentions? 

You acted assholish many times. I wonder what and why I like you. I will stop romanticizing you. I swear. 

Your words, however, go through my mind.
More than ever I need to solve my situation: visa, savings, travel plans to Norway, Belgium, Finland, Italy, Japan, Serbia and Poland. 


Ana was right, you are self-centered. 

Let's be clear about what you said: 
- I don't see a future for us. 
- I'm not interested in being friends. 
- You left me lonely (this is my own feeling and it hurts).
- I don't feel guily (like a !)

- I cannot force you to love me, lesson not learned. 

Goals: We SEEM like we don't have the same, but I don't know.

I noticed a deep fear within me because the experience with R...that makes me look desperate. I need to get over the fear of "health".

I felt inadequate when you said that I should not talk about kids before an "I love you". It is clear to me that you don't want to feel guilty about absolutely anything, which is a refreshing perspective but yes, It makes me question everything.

I have been struggling trying to be liked by anybody else, and when 

and when it looked like that finally happened - it feels like I screwed up. I know it is not my fault, I know you have a very specific situation right now.

You can count on me :(

---


You left a void difficult to explain. You worry so much about your looks while I'm here fancying every bit of you, completely. 
I am drunk.

You made me qustion so many parts about myself, while providing the most lovely validation. 
I am grateful for having you during these brief moments. You inspired me and made me move out of my comfort zone. I know, I did it for myself too, but you are frikish lovely. Every bit of you makes me passionate of.


April 13th. 

Have you got your haircut? I miss you so much silly. I want to take that hike. I want to hold hands. I'm making an effort to stay in the present and happy here, with myself. 
You were right about being a mess, impulssive and chaotic. I have realized that I adore chaos. 
Would I love 60 years or more with it? Who knows, you gotta lot to show me. I'm so f in love with you. 
I love every bit of you. 

You were my summer in the middle of winter. 

I know you don't feel the same about me.
Did you rejected me to actually focus on your life steps or...?
It does not matter, right? I was once, almost completely nihilistic... and I forced muself this trip on you, realizing it won't matter if I make mistakes.

It was refreshing. 




